What? How could Xiao Chao be forcibly taken away?
Hello? Li Fei, I’ll give you an hour.
An hour later, with the cross-field contract,
We're having a practice session. Otherwise you will never see your biological daughter.
Miss, my wife and children were also detained and taken away in disguise.
Bring her a long transfer contract and find her when there is practice.
What a bunch of bastards. Now I often grow up during the day and do this bunch of bastards.
As expected, Da was unreliable. He ran away by himself first.
The heads of the big ones flew away, and Heguang was a foreigner.
We stayed home for the overseas market and raised her for so many years.
Now it seems we can only save ourselves
Will Li Fei really use his free time to replace others?
That’s an endless resource to enjoy
His wife's children are his soft children
Li Fei must not be allowed to leave alive this time
Either he dies or I die today